[NARRATOR] The Gran Chaos
Empire lies at the western end
of the continent.
In regard to Landia, it occupies
the greatest amount
of territory.
Additionally, the empire's
population, military might,
technology, and affluence
is unmatched
by any other country
on the supercontinent.
Then, ten years ago,
an incident came about
which altered the situation,
the formation of the
Demon Lord's Domain.
Faced with the sudden appearance
of a swarm of monsters,
all across the
nations of mankind,
a call for solidarity rang out.
The Gran Chaos Empire,
with its unlimited resources,
heeded the call and
led the continent into war.
Currently, the head ruler over
the empire is Maria Euphoria.
She was responsible for putting
forth the Mankind Declaration,
which was more than
just a coalition to battle
the Demon Lord's forces.
It was a sublime pact, created
to put an end to warring
and stop ethnic discrimination.
Furthermore, owing to her
beautiful appearance,
as well as her kind
heartedness toward all races,
regardless of their financial
standing, at some point,
the people gave her
an adopted title.
And she became known
as the Saint of the Empire.
[knocking]
[MARIA]
Come in.
[JEANNE]
Please excuse me.
It is I, sister.
Jeanne Euphoria, reporting.
I am off, leaving with
an army detachment,
departing for Van,
capital of Amidonia.
Ah, that's right.
You're going to meet with
the hero king in question?
[JEANNE]
Yes.
While reluctant to be taken
advantage of by Amidonia,
I suppose my only option
is to negotiate.
Van must be returned
at all costs.
I realize the Principality
of Amidonia
is the one at fault here,
but we mustn't allow
the Mankind Declaration
to be broken.
That would affect the
prestige of the empire.
It's an agonizing decision.
Please forgive me
for placing you
in such a difficult position.
[JEANNE]
What are you talking about?
Sister, you are the one
who is most heartbroken
by all this.
I promise you, Julius Amidonia
may be free for now,
but he will receive his
just reward someday.
I hear that this new King Souma
of the Elfrieden Nation
is truly a brilliant man.
I believe that if you talk
things through with him,
he will prove reasonable.
You really think so?
From what I've heard, I believe
you two are like oil and water.
[MARIA]
And what makes you say that?
Sister.
To put it simply,
you're an idealist,
while this king is a realist.
I feel that you two see
the world from completely
different perspectives.
[LISCIA] Why don't you get
a room of your own already?
[SOUMA] I'm buried in paperwork,
sunup to sundown.
Even if I had my own room,
I'd only go there to sleep.
For heaven's sake, taking
over Van has only increased
my workload, tenfold.
It's torture not having
a proper bureaucracy.
Enough of your complaining.
Here, the next documents.
What?
Lemme guess, another
request to use the plaza?
[LISCIA] And we can expect
a lot more to go through.
There's open‐air
concerts, right?
Plus plays, circuses,
and seed‐spitting contests.
I can't help but feel like I've
opened up Pandora's Box here.
I'm not sure what that is,
but since your musical
program broadcast,
the people of Van are
having an awakening
of self‐expression.
That's just how
sensational it was.
The harder one's oppressed,
the greater they bounce
back when freed.
I've no doubt.
This truly is a renaissance!
[LISCIA]
Huh?
Nothing, never mind.
[CITIZENS chattering]
[ROROA] Folks are getting
down and dirty, huh?
Must be euphoric.
Everything my old man
took away from them
has been given back.
Bet my brother's hopes of
being reinstated are dashed.
Pardon, Princess, but what
exactly did Prince Gaius
take away from the Amidonians?
Just a little something called
freedom, dear Colbert.
It's a smart play.
Souma's not losing any
money and the citizens
love him now.
Also, if anyone tries
to take it away again,
there'll be a backlash.
Freedom costs nothing, but
to the people it's priceless.
As if Julius can do
anything when the country
is this prosperous.
Almost like‐‐ are you saying
Souma had that in mind
when he made the broadcast?
Lowering taxes and
increasing distribution
wasn't bad either.
In all my years of
being in Amidonia,
I've never seen fabric
this spectacular.
But we have to hurry, though.
There's not a moment
to waste, Colbert.
It seems that Souma is moving
faster than we imagined.
[ROROA]
After provoking us like that,
I'm not letting you quit
while you're ahead.
Trust me, you're going to
answer for your actions, king.
You better get ready.
We have to be prepared, huh?
[HAKUYA]
Yes, sire.
The empire has started
their march here,
with a force of 50,000.
How long do we have
before they reach Van?
[HAKUYA] While the main force
will take slightly longer,
we can expect the advance
party to arrive any time now.
I understand.
If there is any new activity,
report it to me at once.
[HAKUYA]
As you wish.
[SOUMA sighs]
[PONCHO]
E‐Excuse me, Your Majesty,
but if you're not busy,
can we talk?
[SOUMA]
Anything wrong?
N‐Not at all.
In fact, I have something you
should be eager to see.
[LISCIA] This is what you
wanted to show him?
Some flower?
I‐Indeed!
This flower is known
as a beguiling lily, yes.
Ah, so I can see
that it's a lily,
but when does the "beguiling"
part come into play?
As it so happens,
this flower's pollen
has a powerful
hallucinatory effect,
so if you inhaled it, you
would end up behaving
like a sleepwalker.
A what?!
Well, would you mind
getting it out of here then?
[PONCHO]
I‐It's all right!
The pollen has been
thoroughly removed, yes!
Besides, the flower itself
is mostly for show.
This is what I wanted
Your Majesty to see:
the plant's rhizome.
[SOUMA]
The lily's bulb?
Oh, lily root!
What's so exciting?
The plant's root is a
high‐value food product!
But I guess that doesn't
fully explain it, does it?
They're edible.
Very much, and the root has no
hallucinatory effects
at all, yes.
[SOUMA]
So, how's the flavor?
They are fluffy and absolutely
delicious when steamed.
And as if things couldn't
be more in our favor,
the beguiling lilies grow in
clusters all over the mountains
of Amidonia.
[SOUMA]
That's terrific news.
I know lily root
is rich in carbs.
They can be a main dish,
like potatoes.
This could be just the
breakthrough we needed
to solve the principality's
food shortage.
Oh, but you can't get near them
because of the pollen, right?
[PONCHO]
Yes, sire.
Also, you have to harvest them
when they're pollinating,
otherwise their toxicity
will spread all the way
to the bulb.
Well, I guess that
rules them out.
If they can't be safely
harvested, there's no point.
Wait a second,
how did you get
this one here then?
As a matter of fact,
there are people who live
in the mountains of
the Gran Chaos Empire
that routinely gather beguiling
lilies and eat them
as a food staple, yes.
Then there must be some
way to harvest them.
[PONCHO] That's where
the orangutans factor in.
The orangutans, huh?
Those monkeys that
like getting tipsy?
Yes, you see,
fortunately for us, sire,
they routinely eat the
rhizomes of beguiling lilies.
The people from
the mountain noticed.
So, they tamed the animals
to do the harvesting
of the flowers for them.
[SOUMA]
I'm starting to get it.
So that's how they're
able to farm the plant.
How ingenious.
Do we have these
orangutans in Amidonia?
Oh, yes,
and to save time, I went
ahead and asked Tomoe
if she would
negotiate with them.
As long as we regularly provide
saké barrels instead of wages,
I believe we'll have a more
than content workforce.
Hmm. All right, Poncho.
Start production
of lily root at once!
Y‐Yes, sire!
Lily stew rations
are served over here,
come and get them, yes!
Oh, and over there are
lily root dumplings
that you can take
home with you, as well.
Grab however many you need.
The recipe is fairly simple,
so please try and make
them yourself, yes!
There is plenty to go around,
so remain calm.
Form a line and we'll
start handing them out!
[TOMOE] It's a beautiful day,
isn't it, Big Brother?
Sure is, Tomoe. Glorious.
Oh, wow!
There sure are
a lot of shops, huh?
If you see any that
are interesting,
we can take a look inside.
Yes, please!
[SOUMA] Is that all right
with you, Juna?
Of course!
Juna? Uh, what are you...
I can stop if it bothers you.
It's not that I object
or anything, it's just‐‐
I thought you said that you were
going to keep me safe, covertly.
Did you really think
I meant me alone?
Look closer, you'll see there
are several elite marines
who are guarding us
from the shadows.
I hope you don't dislike me
holding on to your arm,
Your Majesty.
I don't have any
problem with it,
so go ahead and
knock yourself out.
[laughs] Couldn't protect
you if I did.
Right, uh well, considering
how there aren't really
any shops I'm dying to see,
you go ahead and lead the way.
What do you think
about getting some
nice clothes for
Tomoe as a present?
Since she is your
younger sister now,
you could call it a gift
from a family member.
What sort of clothing may
I help you find today, sir?
[SOUMA]
Well, let me see.
Do you have anything
that would look nice
on my little sister?
Huh? Wait, you're buying
something for me?
You see an outfit you like,
all you have to do is say so.
[TOMOE]
Um, but I‐‐
Come on, now.
Let me act like
a big brother today.
We'll have a look around.
‐‐Come on.
‐‐[TOMOE] Okay.
[JUNA]
What do you think of this?
[TOMOE]
Ah! I love it!
Or blue, if you prefer.
Oh, wow, this one is adorable!
[JUNA chuckles]
[SEBASTIAN] Pardon me, sir,
if you don't mind,
I'd appreciate your viewpoint
on a question I have.
[SOUMA]
What is it?
Suppose that on the battlefield,
all of your generals
were gathered together
for a war council,
and that the first plan
one of them put forward
had several merits.
Would you not then
choose to implement
this strategy immediately?
No, I wouldn't.
I would wonder if perhaps there
was an even better tack.
But now suppose that you
were one of the generals
and wanted your plan
to be adopted,
it would be a better approach
to withhold your thoughts
and propose your strategy
as the solution in the end.
Another way to look at it is
that when it comes to
bargaining between
men and women,
it's just a different
kind of battle.
[SOUMA] While I believe these
would look good on Tomoe,
perhaps I should
wait a bit longer.
You're a magnificent
strategist, sir.
And I am honored
by you saying so.
You used a war council
in your example.
Was there some significance?
[SEBASTIAN]
I do beg your pardon, sir.
Up until a few days ago,
I had been dealing with
some rather distinguished
individuals.
[SOUMA] And these distinguished
people were military men,
I take it?
Oh, quite the opposite.
One of them was a very charming,
albeit cunning little devil.
[ROROA sneezes]
Such a loud sneeze, Princess.
A lady should refrain from
calling attention to herself.
[ROROA]
Who even noticed?
One sneeze means you're
being talked about,
two means someone's
fallen for you.
Still waiting on
the latter, though.
[JUNA]
Kazuya.
What do you think?
Wow.
[CITIZENS chattering]
Want me to carry those, Tomoe?
I'm okay, you bought
these for me,
so it's only right
that I carry them.
Well, would you mind if
I at least carried these?
[TOMOE]
Wow. Thank you so much, brother.
You didn't have to.
I'll treasure them always.
Oh, and I'm hoping
you'll accept this, Juna.
Huh? Is that a hairpin?
You've done so much to
help me and the kingdom.
This is to say thank you.
[JUNA]
Oh, my.
I don't think I'm worthy to
receive such a generous gift.
[SOUMA] It looks incredible
on you, really.
Your Majesty.
if you intend on honoring us
with such lavish presents,
you should give something to
the princess and the others
as well.
[SOUMA]
You're absolutely right,
but I have something already
prepared for Liscia and Aisha.
By the way, Juna.
[JUNA]
Yes, what is it?
It's Kazuya, not Your Majesty.
You're far more spiteful
than I expected, Kazuya.
You think so?
[JUNA]
Yes.
You also have quite
a knack for flirting, too.
[TOMOE]
Big Brother, look!
There are so many little
shops opening up!
[SOUMA] Several in such
a short amount of time.
[JUNA] This is the center
of entertainment, after all.
Good day!
How about a little something
for your wife, sir?
We have steamed lily
dumplings for sale!
I don't know about you,
but I could use a bite to eat!
All right, how about we
buy something here then?
Yes, please!
Oh, I've never had
anything so yummy!
These lily root croquettes
are also pretty tasty.
If you think they're good,
wait till you try them fried.
Though I might've
burnt my tongue
on the soft‐boiled center.
[CHRIS] Good afternoon,
ladies and gentlemen.
[JUNA] I wish days as peaceful
as this could go on forever.
[CHRIS] Elfrieden and
Van will be sunny today,
perfect for washing clothes.
[JEANNE] I never expected to
see a Gemstone Broadcast
used in this manner.
I expected the empire,
but inside the capitol?
[JEANNE] I'd like to introduce
this system to my own nation.
I'll look into it once I return.
No need for that,
Songstress Juna.
I bear no ill will.
[SOUMA]
Who are you?
I am Jeanne, the sister
of Maria Euphoria,
Empress of the
Gran Chaos Empire.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Kind of audacious of you
to just come strolling
right into the capital,
especially while I'm here.
It was necessary.
I needed to see you
with my own two eyes.
Rumors alone aren't enough
to ascertain the truth
about a person's character.
[SOUMA]
Rumors?
[JEANNE] Certainly.
They say you are a wise ruler
who pulled a kingdom on the
precipice of bankruptcy
back from the brink.
And rescued the people
from a food shortage
by preparing foods nobody
was accustomed to eating.
But also there've been a
number of salacious stories
that have reached my ears.
Just a minute!
What do you mean?
I've heard you are
engaged to the former king's
beautiful daughter,
Princess Liscia,
yet continue gathering
the kingdom's beauties,
expanding your selection
of consorts.
I suppose I'm included
as one of those?
I was aware such stories
were making the rounds,
but hearing it aloud is...
You didn't tell me?
Alas, if the rumors are false,
then it rules out
my original strategy.
[SOUMA]
Doing what, exactly?
If you were as
lascivious as they said,
my beautiful sister could
welcome you and plead her case,
and it would not be
difficult to get you to cave
and accept any terms we desired.
[SOUMA] Your plan was to try and
have the Saint of the Empire
seduce me?!
My sister does not seem to like
the title of Saint, personally,
but it does a little something
for the gentlemen.
After all, you didn't hesitate
using it just now.
Well, I mean, it certainly
doesn't hurt her reputation,
so...
What about my title?
Does "songstress"
do anything for you?
I don't think now's the best
time to be discussing this.
Uh, sorry, just wondering.
You are a more amusing
fellow than I'd imagined.
[SOUMA] What you call amusing,
others might see
as unbelievably awkward.
[JEANNE]
Not at all.
A king being so close with
his officers is evidence
that the kingdom
is in good hands.
Speaking of, in the empire,
because my sister's a saint,
everyone stays distant.
Moreover, she is the empress,
but does her best
to treat everyone equally,
and yet she feels
she must be guarded
against everyone.
That goes for
this matter, as well.
We have nothing
to gain by assisting
the Principality of Amidonia,
not after they blatantly ignored
the Mankind Declaration.
Hmm. We just met, but for being
sister to idealistic Maria,
your view of the world
certainly is quite realistic.
When the elder has
her head in the clouds,
the younger has to have her
feet firmly on the ground.
Anyhow, I admire the
way you're implementing
the Gemstone Broadcast.
Would it be all right
if I copied it
in my own country?
[SOUMA]
Go right ahead.
Not like I could stop you
even if I wanted to.
[JEANNE]
Thank you very much.
But I'm curious, how are
you able to think up
so many progressive ideas?
Progressive, you say?
Back in the world
where I come from,
this is quite ordinary.
The world you're from,
I completely forgot.
On behalf of my sister, I
wish to apologize for that.
Tearing you away from
your home and family.
We had no right.
For the hero summoning, I mean.
I beg your forgiveness.
What's done is done,
so please, don't bow to me.
[JEANNE]
All the same.
The empire has no reason
to want a hero to interfere.
Isn't that right?
This was your way of
showing consideration.
Toward a kingdom that couldn't
come up with financial aid
for the war effort?
Yes.
[SOUMA]
That's what I thought.
I was meant to be a human
sacrifice all along.
Elfrieden's too far from the
Demon Lord's Domain
and can't provide aid.
Also, they never signed the
Mankind Declaration.
In the member nations' view,
we were being protected
by the declaration,
despite the fact we weren't
contributing any support.
So you arranged for them to
perform the hero summoning
to create the appearance that
they were giving something back.
[JUNA]
Wait.
Since we aren't even signatories
to the Mankind Declaration,
we had no obligation
to provide support
in the first place, did we?
But even so, we were
a direct beneficiary
of the bulwark
created by the treaty.
It was imperative
we do our duty.
Otherwise, we'd invite backlash
from the signatory nations.
Oh, my word.
To placate the nations
that did sign on,
you also requested war subsidies
from the non‐signatory
countries,
or, if they could
not provide money,
some equivalent sacrifice.
I don't know what
I can tell you.
Let's be honest with each other.
You didn't actually think
the hero summoning
would end up working, did you?
Didn't matter.
The empire figured as long as
the ritual had been carried out,
that would be enough to
appease the signatory nations.
You are quite astute.
However, somehow, you
ended up being summoned
into our world.
And after being called here
and then having the throne
yielded to you by King Albert,
every single effort you've
made has been to turn
the country around.
It's like I said before,
what's done is done.
I don't blame you, now that I
know all the circumstances.
And besides.
If I wasn't summoned,
I wouldn't have found a family.
Still, if it bothers you
enough that you'll accept
my jurisdiction over Van,
we could call it even.
Sorry, but I can't.
You're not the only one who
wants to protect their family.
In that case,
I suppose we will
have to negotiate.
[JEANNE]
Yes.
And when we do,
I hope you'll go easy on me.
I suspect it won't
be easy on me.
Look at this beautiful dress!
Big Brother bought it for me
at the market today!
It's adorable!
Oh, and Aisha.
I got something for you as well.
Ah, Your Majesty!
I'm simply delighted you
went through the trouble
of buying me a present!
First, that dress, Aisha,
and now makeup?
If this keeps up, it could
cause me to turn over
a new feminine leaf!
But no matter how I look, I will
defend His Majesty's life!
[SOUMA] And Liscia.
You didn't think I forgot you?
[LISCIA]
It's gorgeous, Souma!
Be honest, tell me how I look.
[TOMOE]
Big Sister, you're so beautiful!
‐‐[JUNA] Truly.
‐‐[AISHA] Very nice, Princess.
[SOUMA] Empire or not,
come whatever may,
I am going to keep
moving forward.
To protect Liscia and the others
and everybody I consider
part of my family.